1) Minimum RTO for a single AZ outage
Here, the RTO is time to complete switching to a different Availability Zone.
Time: 60-120 seconds

Docs: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.MultiAZ.html

"In the event of a planned or unplanned outage of your DB instance, Amazon RDS automatically
switches to a standby replica in another Availability Zone if you have enabled Multi-AZ.
The time it takes for the failover to complete depends on the database activity and other
conditions at the time the primary DB instance became unavailable. Failover times are typically
60–120 seconds. However, large transactions or a lengthy recovery process can increase failover
time. When the failover is complete, it can take additional time for the RDS console to reflect
the new Availability Zone."

2) Minimum RTO for a single region outage
Here, the RTO times requires starting a new RDS instance and then applying all configuration changes as per the last backup.
Time - 30 mins to 1 hour

Manual things to-do:
Step 1 - Configure  existing replica and then promote it to a master
Step 2 - Reconfigure an application to point to new RDS instance

3) Minimum RPO for a single AZ outage
Here, we will have a data loss of minimum as the secondary instance stores the data, thus the RPO is 0.

4) Minimum RPO for a single region outage

Here, the data loss will be related to the frequency of the data transfer from master to other replicas across regions.
Also, it is dependent on the frequency of backups and the speed to restore it.
The Amazon RDS takes a transaction logs backup for every 5 minutes.

Docs: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_PIT.html

"RDS uploads transaction logs for DB instances to Amazon S3 every 5 minutes.
To determine the latest restorable time for a DB instance, use the AWS CLI describe-db-instances
command and look at the value returned in the LatestRestorableTime field for the DB instance.
In the AWS Management Console, this property is visible as the Latest restore time for the
DB instance. You can restore to any point in time during your backup retention period."

Docs: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/amazon-rds-under-the-hood-single-az-instance-recovery/

"The RTO timing requires starting up a new Amazon RDS instance and then applying all changes
since the last backup. The RPO is typically 5 minutes, but you can find it by calling
RDS:describe-db-instances:LatestRestorableTime. This time can vary from 10 minutes to hours,
depending on the number of logs that need to be applied. It can only be determined by testing
because it depends on the size of the database, the number of changes made since the last
backup, and the workload levels on the database."

There is also application configuration change time to point to a new instance. This depends on
application architecture. At the minimum - one config change. There is also an option to not to
change the config but rename restored instance using older name:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_RenameInstance.html

Also, this process need deleting old instance, so it may not work for application.
Total time: 10-30 mins approx restore time and around 10 mins for reconfiguration